Update manage.md (#28162)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/manage.md

## Assigning an owner 

> You can assign a `team` to entries in the Software Catalog either in the UI or by creating a [Service Definition][4]. Datadog recommends that you set up [Datadog Teams][5] so that you can specify individual members of the team and take advantage of *Teams* filters across common views like Dashboards and Notebook lists. The ability ot sync Datadog Teams with your identify providers (IdPs) is in [Preview][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign a `team` to entries in the Software Catalog either in the UI or by creating a [Service Definition][4]. Datadog recommends that you set up [Datadog Teams][5] so that you can specify individual members of the team and take advantage of *Teams* filters across common views like Dashboards and Notebook lists. The ability to sync Datadog Teams with your identity providers (IdPs) is in [Preview][11].
```
